Add documentation for OpenShift Service Mesh (#3)
appuio/managed-openshift-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/openshift-service-mesh/index.adoc

= OpenShift Service Mesh

> RedHat OpenShift Service Mesh is a tool for traffic management, tracing, service authentication and access policy enforcement within the OpenShift cluster. It's based on Istio, Kiali, and Jaeger.

Reviewer: Generally we try to keep our documentation sources to one line per sentence. This tends to make diffs clearer when making changes later on.

* https://istio.io/latest/blog/2017/0.1-canary/[Canary deployments using Istio]
* https://redhat-scholars.github.io/istio-tutorial/istio-tutorial/1.9.x/4advanced-routerules.html[Advanced routing in Istio - examples]

=== Observability and Distributed Tracing

OpenShift Service Mesh comes with Jaeger for distributed tracing. Tracing is an important tool to understand the behaviour of a complex microservice architecture under load, as it allows identifying bottlenecks and sources of latency.

* https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/service_mesh/v2x/ossm-observability.html#ossm-accessing-jaeger-console_observability[Accessing Jaeger in OpenShift Service Mesh]

=== Authentication and Authorization

Using OpenShift Service Mesh, you can leverage Istio's capabilities for authentication and authorization between services or between the user and your application.

* https://istio.io/latest/docs/concepts/security/[Documentation on Istio's security features]

== Official Documentation

* https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/logging/cluster-logging.htmlhttps://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/service_mesh/v2x/ossm-about.html[OpenShift Service Mesh]

> ** https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/service_mesh/v2x/ossm-vs-community.html[Differences between OpenShift Service Mesh and plain Istio]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/service_mesh/v2x/ossm-vs-community.html[Differences between OpenShift Service Mesh and plain Istio]
```

** https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/logging/cluster-logging-external.htmlhttps://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/service_mesh/v2x/ossm-create-smcp.html[Creating Service Mesh Control Plane]

> ** https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/service_mesh/v2x/ossm-create-mesh.html[Adding workloads to a service mesh]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/service_mesh/v2x/ossm-create-mesh.html[Adding workloads to a service mesh]
```
